# Introduction
In the past years, the world has been experiencing several changes in how companies and businesses create value for different contexts, industries, environments, and people. The increasing competitiveness, fluctuations in stock markets, the recent pandemic, politics, and economics conflicts, all these subjects push businesses to move forward, adapting the way they have been managing their available resources such as people, time, and money, in order to generate more value for the customer, while seeking to continually innovate and remain competitive.

# Background
Grace Hospital was founded in 1998. Located in Lisbon, Portugal, the hospital has more than 800 employees working across over 30 different departments, such as cardiology, orthopedics, dermatology, endocrinology, and others. Currently, the hospital has been struggling with one of its vital processes: attending patients in a typical medical consultation. Apart from being a core procedure, medical consultations have been generating a huge impact on patients’ satisfaction, besides a potential waste of resources (time and supplies), which consequently could result in loss of money for Grace Hospital. 

# Objectives
Business Process Management (BPM) can be translated as “a body of methods, techniques and tools to discover, analyze, redesign, execute and monitor business processes.” (Dumas et a., 2013). In this project, the Business Process Management Lifecycle (figure 1) will be used to identify, understand, model, analyze, and redesign the process of attending patients during a medical consultation. From the many existent departments in the hospital, the project scope focuses on the Orthopedics, and any opportunity of improvement founded can be further implemented to different departments, if appropriate.
